It is told by a somewhat resembles carry the spirit of halter of kitchen of defeated country.
Together with you, I, citizens ofMy Great royalty wish to show my gratitude for the Great konfreech.
General Japanese General kakupbeat
cardamom
or
the US will
win the war
On the other hand, the United States has not yet confirmed the purpose of the war.
The people are frightened by the voice of the great military revolution in the land that is dying.
The regions are suffering from natural disasters due to the loss of quareming könnte.
Today Japan is in the pinnacle of destruction of the hem jurisprudence.
At this time, the Manchukuo State has finally taken revenge on the country.
The Manchukuo State has been deeply loved by both our country and the people.
It is on the verge of achieving the goal of cooperation.
Furthermore, the people of the southern part of the country are waking up from the pressure of the previous flood and are not getting up.
Therefore, the Manchukuo State has been deeply loved by both our country and the people.